hat I don't think have been successful and that it works well. And then the user acquisition funnel, which sounds pretty boring, but it's very important. Basically, what you do to reach your target audience and ensure that you spend your money in the most effective way possible. If any of you go into games development or you go into games publishing, you can click back on that chart later. So, I have been in games publishing for 20 years now. Every year I come to do this, I have to update the slide and add another number. And it's 20 now. Primarily in free play and MMOs, I've worked on Guild Wars, City of Heroes, League of Legends for Riot Games. I've worked on and done some consulting work for Hyrule Studios. I've set up a Brighton studio as well, which was actually based on a recommendation that we gave them eight years ago, I want to say. Where we looked at how their publishing was set up in North America and what changes they could make to move into the European market. So, I have a fairly broad sense of experience now. I've been working for myself for 12 years. I'm running my own business. I don't want to go work for other people. I want to be my own boss and do my own thing. So, my clients range from UK-based clients to European clients, North American clients. Two weeks ago I picked up a Korean client, actually. I'm going to a Paris game show later this week. So, I'm still pretty active with the game industry. So, yeah, if you have questions. Oh, that's the other thing to say. During this presentation, either one of you guys have a question or you want me to slow down on anything. Or when we go over anything again, just feel free to shout out. I'm happy to answer questions as we go. You'll also get a chance to answer questions at the end. So, first of all, we look at the traditional marketing and publishing infrastructure. When I say publishing, you often hear this term in terms of book publishing or book publisher. But with video games, it's the same thing where the publisher is the company that brings the game to market. So, they make the CD. They put it in a box. They do the artwork. They get the age rating. They pay the developer. They do all the bits and pieces that need to happen to then make the game commercial to sell it to consumers. That's basically what I'm talking about today, publishing infrastructure. So, historically, video game marketing, console, PC, used to focus on digital resources. So, you'd have to go to the store, pick up a game, take it to the cashier, pay, go home, take it home, take it out, put it in the console, put it in your PC. So, this is kind of what I mean by traditional marketing. And the marketing that happened to that was focused on driving people into the stores to sell the product. And that's very different from driving people to take an action on their phone or on their PC or on their console. This was a lot harder and a lot more expensive, basically. So, what you have to do is a lot of pre-release awareness before the product comes to the market. You have to generate awareness that it's coming out. You still see some of this with some titles such as Assassin's Creed, Star Wars, or EA Football, which used to be FIFA. It used to be called FIFA, but EA has moved away from the FIFA brand, which I'll talk more about in a little bit. But basically, that's making sure that you know when the game is going to be in store, when you're driving consumers in store. Let's say your product is launching in December, then you need to start in September, October, or maybe even the summer, six months out, advertising, print advertising, media advertising, and pushing into that retail store. And I'll give you some examples of specifically what parts of the marketing puddle were part of that to kind of allow the sale through of a physical product. So, the other interesting thing with this was that the retailers, the physical stores, so if you guys think about, that's quite international craft here, about the stores in your own countries or where you're from. In Germany, you have Mediamarkt, maybe, or you have Cash Hub, or Helpful, these kind of stores that have a game section where you can buy a game. And in the UK, you have Game, I think, still, you can say it. Game stores, in the US, you have GameStop, and stores like that were basically, they took a big chunk of what the product was worth. So, basically, you need to give percentages away to 30% to certain retailers, 10% to the box production, 10% to the distributor, or 15% in some cases to certain distributors. So, it's very expensive, so by the time you got the money back from what the game was worth, it had, you know, bits have been cut off the pie by the time you got to selling the product. Nowadays, that's very different because you have the digital product, the digital code, so the revenues are much, much higher for a development publisher in 2025. It's not as expensive. The other challenge that you had was, for them, boxes and games that did not sell, let's say you're shipping Assassin's Creed, and you have 500,000 units across Europe, but the game goes badly, you don't sell as many. You only sell 100,000, and 400,000 units are sat at the retailers, and the retailers will call you up and go, hey, we have 400,000 units taking up space here, they're not selling. You have to pay to ship those products back to you, so in some cases, I've seen examples where the publishers would then destroy the game, because that was the cheapest thing to do, versus shipping them anywhere else. Physical shipping of goods, especially internationally, can be quite expensive. So, for the marketing mix that you needed back for retail-focused publishing, you have radio, television, outdoor advertising, cinema, online brand advertising, print advertising. No one is shrinking now, not only because the advertising is less effective, but also these channels are shrinking. If you look at television, your future is down. I'm sure many of you in this room have probably turned on a TV, maybe looked at Netflix or Fun, but you haven't gone, oh, at 4 o'clock, I have to watch this program on this channel, and make sure you tune into it. So, how meat is consumed, or magazines are basically redundant nowadays, so all this stuff has changed. Online advertising, online brand advertising is still popular, but even that has changed, because the difference now is you don't have that many websites. So, before you used to go to Eurogamer.com or IGN.com to read gaming news, now it's all social media or it's all feeds that you get. You have it all set up on your phone or your PC or your laptop or your lap, whatever it may be that shows you the relevant stories you want to look at. But you don't actually go to www.IGN.com and go to that website and look at that advertising. So, that's evolved and changed as well. So, back in the day, print advertising, TV advertising were quite expensive, but were still done quite frequently. These examples here on the far right of that picture, if you look on the far right, that is Grand Theft Auto being advertised in LA around the E3 game show. So, part of that is a little bit of showing off the E3 game, thanks to all the publishers, developers and business partners go to that show. So, outdoor advertising kind of makes sense. But to put something like that up, back in the day, back in, you know, 08, 2010, that probably cost you about $50,000 US dollars, that advertising, just to pay for the space. And then you still need to pay an artist to paint that and draw that and get that up and running. So, the return on investment really isn't worth it unless you're a very, very big brand like Grand Theft Auto. So, the ROI, the return on investment, is something that's looked at a lot more closely today versus back in the day when we're advertising, print advertising. Because nowadays, when you click on a link, you follow the link through, you sign up to the website, you download the game, the publisher and developer can see, okay, we have this ad up on Facebook or we have this up on TikTok or Twitter, have this up on X, and that link through is then tracked and they can see how many people they got, how many people converted. So, they know what's working, what isn't working. And based on that, they change what they present to you and they change what they present in terms of message. And also languages and territories become very important in that. If you're launching in Europe, you have French, German, Italian, Spanish, Polish, Russian, Greek sometimes, depending on the part. So, you have a lot of localization that needs to happen as well. And then you can see, oh, in Germany, great, we have 80% click through. That makes a lot of sense. Let's invest more money in Germany.